[Music]
okay here comes another camera right no
biggie stay loose
why don't think he's doing that Oh noise
we want to get on camera we have to get
up on one of those platforms
they've been tape on those people up
there all day right
hey what'd you guys do to get up on
there we learn how to dance
yeah well when you learn how to dance
did you forget put on your pants yeah
hey you're a good dancer really yeah
well you'd be better if you just loosen
jeev hips a little Oh what do you mean
like this
uh-huh
[Music]
if mom and dad don't see it on TV I can
we made them so jealous it's gonna be
the losers in
hi I know what'll get us up on a
platform the routine
raus we had done the routine since
middle school hey when the snippy guy
sees the routine you want to build us
our own platform
really that good we got honorable
mention in the brother/sister dance
category
it's almost fake midnight do we really
have any other choice okay let's do it
mom and dad are gonna be so faced
[Music]
[Applause]
so do we really need to ask who's going
up on the platform next Oh No you get up
there and do that again exactly like
that
make sure and get this stick will want
it for the bloopers show
[Music]
listen up everyone we start again it's
gonna be the countdown to New Year so I
want to see everybody's excitement hey
guy get about three seconds to get away
from my partner oh what's going on over
here
John take a look at the guy's pants I
mean I know you told us to show
excitement but don't you think you went
a little overboard thank you get out of
here take a hike wet pants
can you believe this we're gonna be on
the platform for the Millennial moment
hey you haven't been practicing the
routine have you no music starts up
again I was thinking about maybe going
into the robot you know not I think we
should stick to the routine we don't
want to look stupid 10 seconds left here
we go 10 okay
it all comes down to this whatever
happens happens
destiny
year Happy New Year okay here's where we
go to the live shot a Times Square nice
work everyone that's around